E-commerce is one of the most promising fields in generating revenue in our country. As time progress the number of e-commerce sites is increasing as well. With this rapid number of spread and being needed to be more versatile they are having an extremely tough time in tracking their inventory. Which is eventually leading to the loss of customers. Because if a regular customer of yours do not find a product in your shop after searching for a few days, it is imminent that they will find a new shop and make it their go to e-commerce which will become reason of your loss. So, what can be the solution? If we can somehow manage to get the website data and track them in our own modified system, we can give them a systematic review so that they can stay up to date and update their inventory regularly and not only that they can also bring new product based on their current demands and also the current ongoing trends which is happening. One of the ways of acquiring these data is web scrapping. It enables us to fetch data from websites store it somewhere and analysis it for betterment for the website or the company. The E-commerce which we have taken is MFFoodMart a Canada based E-commerce. From where we want to fetch all their product and their data so that we can do analysis on them. One of the key issues that most of the e-commerce face is they do not track the stock out products which is eventually becoming the main reason for their customer loss. The data analysis will enable to identify those stock out products and based of them the company can take decision to restock them or just remove them from store if they think those are not necessary Now web scraping cannot be done by hand, we need a programming language and certain language-based libraries for that. For that we have used the R language, and, in the end, we stored that data into an excel file for the further procedure. After that we can pre-process those data because at the time of scrapping many data can contain error. After that we can visualize those data to have a visual view of everything we have recorded and finally we can give an analysis based on everything we have observed. Overall, this project will enable us to have proper understanding of data management and web scrapping which we can apply further in the future. 